sg: document sg as default, clean up local-dev quickstart guide (#25155)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/getting-started/quickstart_1_install_dependencies.md

- [Redis](http://redis.io/) (v5.0.7 or higher)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) (v1.10.1 or higher)
- [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html) tools
- [Comby](https://github.com/comby-tools/comby/) (v0.11.3 or higher)

Below are instructions to install these dependencies:

- [macOS](#macos)
- [Ubuntu](#ubuntu)
- Optional: [asdf](#optional-asdf) for an alternate way of managing dependencies, especially different versions of programming languages.

> > NOTE: You can choose to install and run Redis and/or PostgreSQL **with or without Docker**. The following instructions will describe both options.
> > What's the better option?
> > 
> > - Running within a container provides some advantages such as storing the data separately from the container, you do not need to run it as a system service and its easy to use different database versions or multiple databases.
> > - Running as system services might yield better performance, especially on macOS.
> > - No matter which option you choose, docker is required because the development server starts additional docker containers.

Reviewer: Clarity. My intention here is to make this decision more obvious, so the reader can decide if wants the simple answer or if he knows what he's doing enough to deviate from the simple path. 

```suggestion
> NOTE: You can choose to install and run Redis and/or PostgreSQL **with or without Docker**. The following instructions will describe both options.
> How to choose?
> 
> :bulb: Docker being mandatory for additional development server dependencies anyway, therefore the simplest choice is to use the Dockerized version of Redis and Postgres, especially if not familiar with backend development.
> Otherwise:
> - Running within a container provides some advantages such as storing the data separately from the container, you do not need to run it as a system service and its easy to use different database versions or multiple databases.
> - Running as system services might yield better performance, especially on macOS.
```

Author: Hmm, as things stand I'd disagree with Docker being the simplest choice. It requires an additional process to start (or familiarity with `docker-compose -d`, which is outside the trotten path), it requires managing the `PG_DATA` var, `psql` is not installed etc.

Before we make it the default (in `sg` and in the documentation and in other docs) I think your previous text is good enough. I just wanted to make clear what the instructions and what "side notes" are.

(btw. this text here is a great example for what `sg` could ask the user. We could replace this whole section with `sg setup` just asking "Docker, yes no? Here's how to decide: ..." and then printing the instructions)

Reviewer: That's fair that in the present context, that's not yet as simple as it should be (we don't have a `sg stop` either yet) alright! 

> (btw. this text here is a great example for what sg could ask the user. We could replace this whole section with sg setup just asking "Docker, yes no? Here's how to decide: ..." and then printing the instructions)

Yes, I strongly agree, there's a lot of value in turning steps from guides in something interactive that `sg` can run.

    brew install --cask docker
    ```

3.  Install Go, Yarn, Git, Comby, SQLite tools, and jq with the following command:

    ```
    brew install go yarn git gnu-sed comby sqlite pcre FiloSottile/musl-cross/musl-cross jq
    ```

> 4. Choose to run Postgres and Redis manually (Option a.) or via Docker (Option b.)

Reviewer: Non blocker: I think it's better to swap option a) and b) 

a) Docker, is the simple path 
b) Manual, is the path where you know what you're doing.

Author: Yeah, disagree with that (for now!), see comment above.

      1. Install PostgreSQL and Redis with the following commands:

          ```
          brew install postgresql
          brew install redis
          ```

      2. (optional) Start the services (and configure them to start automatically):

          ```
          brew services start postgresql
          brew services start redis
          ```

          (You can stop them later by calling `stop` instead of `start` above.

      3. Ensure `psql`, the PostgreSQL command line client, is on your `$PATH`.

          Homebrew does not put it there by default. Homebrew gives you the command to run to insert `psql` in your path in the "Caveats" section of `brew info postgresql`.
          Alternatively, you can use the command below. It might need to be adjusted depending on your Homebrew prefix (`/usr/local` below) and shell (bash below).

          ```
          hash psql || { echo 'export PATH="/usr/local/opt/postgresql/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bash_profile }
          source ~/.bash_profile
          ```

      4. Open a new Terminal window to ensure `psql` is now on your `$PATH`.

    b. **With Docker**

    Nothing to do here, since you already installed Docker for Mac.

>     We provide a docker compose file at `dev/redis-postgres.yml` to make it easy to run Redis and PostgreSQL as Docker containers, with [docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

Reviewer: Shouldnt' we mention `sg start redis-postgres` ?

Author: If so it should be covered in `Step 4: Initialize databae` I think, which seems to be a bit broken by now but I didn't want to revise that too in this PR.
